account, konto
achiever, achiever
acoustics, akustik
act, act
action, action
activity, activity
actor, schauspieler
addition, ergänzung
adjustment, berichtigung
advertisement, werbung
advice, beratung
aftermath, aftermath
afternoon, nachmittag
afterthought, nachtrag
agreement, vereinbarung
air, luft
airplane, flugzeug
airport, flughafen
alarm, alarm
amount, höhe
amusement, unterhaltung
anger, ärger
angle, winkel
animal, tier
answer, antwort
ant, ant
ants, ameisen
apparatus, geräte
apparel, bekleidung
apple, apfel
apples, äpfel
appliance, gerät
approval, zulassung
arch, arch
argument, argument
arithmetic, arithmetik
arm, arm
army, armee
art, kunst
attack, angriff
attempt, versuch
attention, aufmerksamkeit
attraction, attraktion
aunt, tante
authority, behörde
babies, babys
baby, baby
back, zurück
badge, abzeichen
bag, bag
bait, köder
balance, balance
ball, ball
balloon, ballon
balls, bälle
banana, banane
band, band
base, base
baseball, baseball
basin, becken
basket, korb
basketball, basketball
bat, bat
bath, bad
battle, kampf
bead, raupe
beam, breite
bean, bohne
bear, bär
bears, bären
beast, tier
bed, bett
bedroom, schlafzimmer
beds, betten
bee, biene
beef, rindfleisch
beetle, käfer
beggar, bettler
beginner, anfänger
behavior, verhalten
belief, glaube
believe, glauben
bell, glocke
bells, glöckchen
berry, berry
bike, fahrrad
bikes, fahrräder
bird, vogel
birds, vögel
birth, geburt
birthday, geburtstag
bit, bit
bite, biss
blade, klinge
blood, blut
blow, schlag
board, board
boat, boot
boats, boote
body, body
bomb, bombe
bone, bone
book, buch
books, bücher
boot, boot
border, grenze
bottle, flasche
boundary, grenze
box, box
boy, junge
boys, jungs
brain, gehirn
brake, bremse
branch, branch
brass, messing
bread, brot
breakfast, frühstück
breath, atem
brick, ziegel
bridge, brücke
brother, bruder
brothers, brüder
brush, pinsel
bubble, blase
bucket, eimer
building, gebäude
bulb, birne
bun, brötchen
burn, burn
burst, burst
bushes, büsche
business, business
butter, butter
button, knopf
cabbage, kohl
cable, kabel
cactus, kaktus
cake, kuchen
cakes, torten
calculator, rechner
calendar, kalender
camera, kamera
camp, lager
can, kann
cannon, kanonen
canvas, leinwand
cap, cap
caption, caption
car, auto
card, karte
care, pflege
carpenter, schreiner
carriage, wagen
cars, fahrzeuge
cart, cart
cast, cast
cat, cat
cats, katzen
cattle, rind
cause, ursache
cave, höhle
celery, sellerie
cellar, keller
cemetery, friedhof
cent, cent
chain, kette
chair, stuhl
chairs, sessel
chalk, kreide
chance, chance
change, ändern
channel, channel
cheese, käse
cherries, kirschen
cherry, kirsch
chess, schach
chicken, huhn
chickens, hühnchen
children, kinder
chin, kinn
church, kirche
circle, kreis
clam, clam
class, class
clock, uhr
clocks, uhren
cloth, stoff
cloud, cloud
clouds, wolken
clover, klee
club, verein
coach, trainer
coal, kohle
coast, küste
coat, mantel
cobweb, spinnennetz
coil, spule
collar, kragen
color, farbe
comb, kamm
comfort, komfort
committee, ausschuss
company, company
comparison, vergleich
competition, wettbewerb
condition, zustand
connection, verbindung
control, control
cook, koch
copper, kupfer
copy, copy
cord, kabel
cork, kork
corn, mais
cough, husten
country, land
cover, abdeckung
cow, kuh
cows, kühe
crack, crack
cracker, cracker
crate, kiste
crayon, kreide
cream, creme
creator, schöpfer
creature, geschöpf
credit, kredit-
crib, kinderbett
crime, kriminalität
crook, gauner
crow, krähe
crowd, menge
crown, krone
crush, crush
cry, cry
cub, cub
cup, tasse
current, current
curtain, vorhang
curve, kurve
cushion, kissen
dad, vater
daughter, tochter
day, tag
death, tod
debt, schulden
decision, entscheidung
deer, hirsch
degree, grad
design, design
desire, wunsch
desk, schreibtisch
destruction, zerstörung
detail, detail
development, entwicklung
digestion, verdauung
dime, cent
dinner, abendessen
dinosaurs, dinosaurier
direction, richtung
dirt, schmutz
discovery, entdeckung
discussion, diskussion
disease, krankheit
disgust, ekel
distance, distanz
distribution, vertrieb
division, abteilung
dock, dock
doctor, arzt
dog, hund
dogs, hunde
doll, puppe
dolls, puppen
donkey, esel
door, tür
downtown, innenstadt
drain, drain
drawer, schublade
dress, kleid
drink, getränke
driving, fahren
drop, drop
drug, drogen
drum, trommel
duck, ente
ducks, enten
dust, staub
ear, ohr
earth, erde
earthquake, erdbeben
edge, edge
education, education
effect, wirkung
egg, egg
eggnog, eierlikör
eggs, eier
elbow, ellenbogen
end, end
engine, motor
error, error
event, veranstaltung
example, beispiel
exchange, exchange
existence, existenz
expansion, erweiterung
experience, erfahrung
expert, experte
eye, auge
eyes, augen
face, gesicht
fact, tat
fairies, feen
fall, herbst
family, familie
fan, fan
fang, fang
farm, farm
farmer, bauer
father, vater
father, vater
faucet, hahn
fear, angst
feast, fest
feather, feder
feeling, gefühl
feet, feet
fiction, fiktion
field, feld
fifth, fünften
fight, kampf
finger, finger
finger, finger
fire, feuer
fireman, feuerwehr
fish, fisch
flag, fahne
flame, flamme
flavor, flavor
flesh, fleisch
flight, flug
flock, herde
floor, boden
flower, blume
flowers, blumen
fly, fliegen
fog, nebel
fold, fold
food, food
foot, fuß
force, kraft
fork, gabel
form, form
fowl, geflügel
frame, rahmen
friction, reibung
friend, freund
friends, freunde
frog, frosch
frogs, frösche
front, front
fruit, obst
fuel, kraftstoff
furniture, möbel
alley, bahn
game, game
garden, garten
gate, tor
geese, gänse
ghost, ghost
giants, riesen
giraffe, giraffe
girl, mädchen
girls, mädchen
glass, glas
glove, handschuh
glue, kleber
goat, ziege
gold, gold
goldfish, goldfische
good-bye, good-bye
goose, gans
government, regierung
governor, gouverneur
grade, dienstrang
grain, getreide
grandfather, großvater
grandmother, großmutter
grape, traube
grass, gras
grip, grip
ground, boden
group, group
growth, wachstum
guide, guide
guitar, gitarre
gun, gun
hair, haar
haircut, frisur
hall, halle
hammer, hammer
hand, hand
hands, hände
harbor, hafen
harmony, harmonie
hat, hut
hate, hass
head, head
health, gesundheit
hearing, gehör
heart, herz
heat, wärme
help, help
hen, henne
hill, hügel
history, history
hobbies, hobbies
hole, loch
holiday, urlaub
home, home
honey, honig
hook, haken
hope, hoffnung
horn, horn
horse, pferd
horses, pferde
hose, schlauch
hospital, krankenhaus
hot, hot
hour, stunde
house, haus
houses, häuser
humor, humor
hydrant, hydranten
ice, eis
icicle, eiszapfen
idea, idee
impulse, impuls
income, einkommen
increase, zunahme
industry, industrie
ink, ink
insect, insekt
instrument, instrument
insurance, versicherungen
interest, zinsen
invention, erfindung
iron, eisen
island, insel
jail, jail
jam, jam
jar, jar
jeans, jeans
jelly, gelee
jellyfish, quallen
jewel, juwel
join, join
joke, witz
journey, reise
judge, richter
juice, saft
jump, sprung
kettle, wasserkocher
key, key
kick, kick
kiss, kiss
kite, kite
kitten, kätzchen
kittens, kitten
kitty, kätzchen
knee, knie
knife, messer
knot, knoten
knowledge, knowledge
laborer, arbeiter
lace, spitze
ladybug, marienkäfer
lake, see
lamp, lampe
land, land
language, sprache
laugh, lachen
lawyer, anwalt
lead, blei
leaf, leaf
learning, lernen
leather, leder
leg, bein
legs, beine
letter, brief
letters, briefe
lettuce, kopfsalat
level, höhe
library, library
lift, aufzug
light, hell
limit, limit
line, line
linen, leinen
lip, lippe
liquid, flüssig
list, list
lizards, echsen
loaf, brot
lock, lock
locket, medaillon
locator, positionsanzeiger, zeiger
look, blick
loss, verlust
love, liebe
low, niedrig
lumber, holz
lunch, mittagessen
lunchroom, kantine
machine, maschine
magic, magic
maid, magd
mailbox, mailbox
man, man
manager, manager
map, map
marble, marmor
mark, mark
market, market
mask, maske
mass, masse
match, spiel
meal, essen
measure, messen
meat, fleisch
meeting, treffen
memory, memory
men, mann
metal, metall
mice, mice
middle, mitte
milk, milch
mind, geist
mine, mine
minister, minister
mint, mint
minute, minute
mist, nebel
mitten, handschuh
mom, mutter
money, geld
monkey, monkey
month, monat
moon, mond
morning, morgen
mother, mutter
motion, motion
mountain, berg
mouth, mund
move, move
muscle, muskel
music, music
nail, nagel
name, name
nation, nation
navigation, navigator
neck, hals
need, müssen
needle, nadel
nerve, nerven
nest, nest
net, net
news, news
night, nacht
noise, lärm
north, nord
nose, nase
note, note
notebook, notebook
number, anzahl
nut, mutter
oatmeal, haferflocken
observation, beobachtung
ocean, ozean
offer, angebot
office, office
oil, öl
operation, betrieb
opinion, stellungnahme
orange, orange
oranges, orangen
order, order
organization, organisation
ornament, schmuck
oven, backofen
owl, eule
owner, eigentümer
page, page
pail, eimer
pain, schmerz
paint, lack
pan, pan
pancake, pfannkuchen
paper, papier
parcel, paket
parent, eltern
park, park
part, teil
partner, partner
party, partei
passenger, passagier
paste, paste
patch, patch
payment, payment
peace, frieden
pear, pear
pen, stift
pencil, stift
person, person
pest, schädlingsbekämpfung
pet, pet
pets, haustiere
pickle, gurke
picture, bild
pie, pie
pies, kuchen
pig, schwein
pigs, schweine
pin, pin
pipe, rohr
pizzas, pizzen
place, ort
plane, flugzeug
planes, flugzeuge
plant, anlage
plantation, plantage
plants, pflanzen
plastic, kunststoff
plate, platte
play, play
playground, playground
pleasure, freude
plot, grundstück
plough, pflug
pocket, tasche
point, point
poison, gift
police, polizei
polish, polnisch
pollution, verschmutzung
popcorn, popcorn
porter, pförtner
position, position
pot, pot
potato, potato
powder, pulver
power, leistung
price, preis
print, print
prison, gefängnis
process, prozess
produce, produktion
profit, gewinn
property, property
prose, prosa
protest, protest
pull, pull
pump, pumpe
punishment, strafe
purpose, zweck
push, push
quarter, quartal
quartz, quarz
queen, königin
question, question
quicksand, treibsand
quiet, quiet
quill, kiel
quilt, quilt
quince, quitte
quiver, kächer
rabbit, kaninchen
rabbits, hasen
rail, schiene
railway, schiene
rain, regen
rainstorm, regen
rake, rake
range, palette
rat, ratte
rate, rate
ray, ray
reaction, reaktion
reading, gelesen
reason, grund
receipt, empfang
recess, vertiefung
record, record
regret, bereuen
relation, beziehung
religion, religion
representative, vertreter
request, anfrage
respect, respekt
rest, rest
reward, belohnung
rhythm, rhythmus
rice, reis
riddle, rätsel
rifle, gewehr
ring, ring
rings, ring
river, fluss
road, straße
robin, robin
rock, rock
rod, rod
roll, roll
roof, dach
room, zimmer
root, root
rose, rose
route, route
rub, rub
rule, regel
run, run
sack, sack
sail, segel
salt, salz
sand, sand
scale, scale
scarecrow, vogelscheuche
scarf, schal
scene, szene
scent, duft
school, schule
science, wissenschaft
scissors, schere
screw, schraube
sea, meer
seashore, küste
seat, sitz
secretary, sekretariat
seed, samen
selection, auswahl
self, self
sense, sinn
servant, diener
shade, schatten
shake, schütteln
shame, schande
shape, form
sheep, schafe
sheet, bogen
shelf, regal
ship, schiff
shirt, shirt
shock, schock
shoe, schuh
shoes, schuhe
shop, shop
show, anzeigen
side, seite
sidewalk, gehweg
sign, sign
silk, seide
silver, silber
sink, waschbecken
sister, schwester
sisters, schwestern
size, größe
skate, skate
skin, skin
skirt, rock
sky, sky
slave, slave
sleep, schlafen
sleet, schneeregen
slip, schlupf
slope, hang
smash, smash
smell, geruch
smile, smile
smoke, rauch
snail, schnecke
snails, schnecken
snake, schlange
snakes, schlangen
sneeze, niesen
snow, schnee
soap, soap
society, gesellschaft
sock, sock
soda, soda
sofa, sofa
son, sohn
song, lied
songs, lieder
sort, sort
sound, sound
soup, suppe
space, space
spade, spaten
spark, funken
spiders, spinnen
sponge, schwamm
spoon, löffel
spot, ort
spring, frühjahr
spy, spy
square, quadrat
squirrel, eichhörnchen
stage, bühne
stamp, stempel
star, stern
start, start
statement, aussage
station, bahnhof
steam, dampf
steel, stahl
stem, vorbau
step, step
stew, eintopf
stick, stick
sticks, sticks
stitch, stich
stocking, lagerung
stomach, magen
stone, stein
stop, stop
store, store
story, geschichte
stove, herd
stranger, fremde
straw, stroh
stream, stream
street, straße
stretch, strecke
string, string
structure, struktur
substance, stoff
sugar, zucker
suggestion, anregung
suit, anzug
summer, sommer
sun, sonne
support, support
surprise, überraschung
sweater, pullover
swim, schwimmen
swing, swing
system, system
table, table
tail, tail
talk, talk
tank, tank
taste, geschmack
tax, steuern
teaching, lehre
team, team
teeth, zähne
temper, temperament
tendency, neigung
tent, zelt
territory, gebiet
test, test
texture, textur
theory, theorie
thing, ding
things, dinge
thought, gedanken
thread, thread
thrill, nervenkitzel
throat, rachen
throne, thron
thumb, thumb
thunder, donner
ticket, ticket
tiger, tiger
time, zeit
tin, zinn
title, titel
toad, kröte
toe, toe
toes, zehen
tomatoes, tomaten
tongue, zunge
tooth, zahn
toothbrush, zahnbürste
toothpaste, zahnpasta
top, top
touch, touch
town, stadt
toy, spielzeug
toys, spielwaren
trade, handel
trail, trail
train, bahn
trains, zug
tramp, penner
transport, transport
tray, tray
treatment, behandlung
tree, baum
trees, bäume
trick, trick
trip, reise
trouble, ärger
trousers, hose
truck, lkw
trucks, lkw
tub, wanne
turkey, türkei
turn, drehen
twig, zweig
twist, twist
umbrella, dach
uncle, onkel
underwear, wäsche
unit, einheit
use, use
vacation, urlaub
value, value
van, van
vase, vase
vegetable, gemüse
veil, schleier
vein, ader
verse, vers
vessel, schiff
vest, weste
view, view
visitor, besucher
voice, voice
volcano, vulkan
volleyball, volleyball
voyage, reise
walk, fuß
wall, wand
war, krieg
wash, waschen
waste, abfall
watch, watch
water, wasser
wave, wave
waves, wellen
wax, wachs
way, weg
wealth, reichtum
weather, wetter
week, woche
weight, gewicht
wheel, rad
whip, peitsche
whistle, whistle
wilderness, wildnis
wind, wind
window, fenster
wine, wein
wing, flügel
winter, winter
wire, draht
wish, wunsch
woman, frau
women, frauen
wood, holz
wool, wolle
word, wort
work, work
worm, wurm
wound, wunde
wren, zaunkönig
wrench, schlüssel
wrist, handgelenk
writer, autor
writing, schreiben
yak, yak
yam, yam
yard, hof
yarn, garn
year, jahr
yoke, joch
zebra, zebra
zephyr, zephyr
zinc, zink
zipper, rv
zoo, zoo